[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Future-- why not to talk
about a little bit about
the future?
And I'm very excited to talk
about that, because this
is directly connected
to the reason
why Damanhur is existing.
And it's in this
context that I love
to go, more or less, 600
years into the future.
It's another point of
the time territory.
And it's a point
where, let's say,
in a council of these light
beings of this intelligence
of these people that
are literally, you know,
radiant light.
And a message arrived talking
about our planet, the planet
Earth.
And it's a message
that can give us
the sense that something will
happen soon to the planet
Earth, a sort of end.
We don't know if the end is
a destruction of the planet
because there's going
to be nuclear explosion.
We don't know if it's going
to be a physical event
or maybe also to
lose the divine spark
that is the level of
containing the soul.
So we have many theories.
And obviously this
is a tale that
will help us to
understand something that
goes beyond our human logic.
But the fact is that this
council is now sitting,
discussing to see what
could be the possible future
of this planet.
Let this planet go?
Because this is a planet
where they've been repeating
many times the same situation.
So why to give another
chance where, you know,
fear the people of this planet
are not learning from the past?
They are keeping
repeating the same things.
Instead of saying, well not, we
cannot let go our planet that
actually was so important
because it is a planet that has
been hosting a long
time ago one capital,
a capital of one of these
human time empires or galactic
empires a long time ago.
Well, we know that that moment
was the moment of Atlantis.
So Atlantis was not only
an important civilization,
but Atlantis was really
the capital of something
that was extended in the
galaxy, in the stars.
Then Atlantis is
with a good phase
and also with a phase that
probably brought Atlantis
to fall and then to
disappear, probably
thanks to this asteroid
that is shooting, destroying
everything and putting the
world end to this civilization.
So some of them, they
don't want to give up.
They don't want to
let go of planet
that was so important,
that was hosting
such an important capital.
But it is a risk because
there's not so many possibility.
Actually there is
only one possibility
to give another chance
to the planet Earth.
The possibility, it's
all related to time.
And it's all related to
the structure of time
that we talk about it.
So the idea of this tree with
the trunk and the branches
and the different time trial,
the different timelines that
are constantly created,
and then after a little
while they collapse
in the main one.
The idea, more or
less, is this one--
come back in time.
In a moment of time that is,
let's say, pretty unique, rich
of events that are going
to be very important
for an operation like this one.
And take one of these branches
and keep giving energies
to these branches, keep
growing this branch
to make the branch so strong,
so big, that at a certain point,
we'll substitute the trunk.
And the branch will
be the new trunk.
So it's literally the
operation for the creation
of a new timeline, a
new future timeline.
But this, it costs a
lot in terms of energy.
It's very difficult.
And in any case,
we have to imagine
that this needs
to last for a very long period
of time, at least 600 years.
So not all of them they are
really agree in this operation.
But also thanks to one of them
that probably insists more,
and it was also the one that
has been receiving that message,
they agree.
They accept the idea of
starting all the operation
of the new timeline.
That person is Falco.
It's Oberto Airaudi.
It's the founder of Damanhur.
It's that individual
that has been sended back
to create the base and the
beginning of the starting
of the new timeline.
As you remember, there are
several different possible time
travel, because we are
talking about time travel.
So he's been sent back in
time to create the base that
will make the
beginning of the time
separation and the
instrument to keep
all of this working
for at least 600 years.
So when you have to
do a lot of work,
and there is a lot of things
that needs to be done,
so which is the cheapest
version of the time travel?
You remember, reincarnation.
Because this task will
take a lot of time
and a lot of effort.
So it is exactly 1950 that
Falco, when he arrived.
And all his childhood is
all connected to a book
that I definitely
going to recommend that
is "The Alchemist."
It is the last book
that Falco wrote.
He passed unfortunately
in June 2013.
But it's really about
a book of reawakening.
Because in his
early age everything
it's really about
helping him to remember.
But every time that we come
back, we have a little problem.
We don't remember.
We lost the memory.
So we have to remember why we're
here, which is our mission.
I have to remind you
that other element that
is very challenging in
the process of evolution
is the enemy.
You remember?
So the enemy is the element that
is against everything that is
spiritualization of the matter.
An enemy is the same concept
of nothingness, something
that we find already inside
of us when we are incarnated,
and is also expressed
by the concept
of the agents of the enemy.
So civilization,
individuals, they
choose to serve the distractions
instead of the creation.
So this planet, it's
a little bit lost.
That means that
it's a planet that
is, let's say, with strong
influences of the enemy forces.
One of the main expressions
of this strong imprint
is the fact that the
planet, it's not, let's say,
a free planet.
What it means to have a free
planet, an occupied planet?
Let me try to
explain you better.
You remember the
synchronic lines.
We talked about that.
We know that they are
extending themselves
in the rest of the
galaxy, of the universe.
And through this synchronic
lines many things are passing.
But one thing is
very important--
our souls.
That means that every source
that can travel everywhere
in the universe to
go in the planet
and do the experience
that they need.
But what about, for example,
if the synchronic lines
are closed?
If nothing can enter
and nothing can leave?
Hmm, not a nice situation.
Something very similar to what?
It's like to imagine
we are living
our life closed in one room.
Wow.
Of course, I can live.
But how many experiences
I can live in one room?
Very few of them.
So my possibility to change
or evolve is very limited.
Instead of saying, well, I
can move wherever I want,
I can go out of his room and
travel and visit everything.
So it feels like to slow
down incredibly the evolution
of a planet because it means
that the same souls are always
the same to be incarnated.
Now, to arrive, as I
told you, it's not easy.
He need to, let's
say, use passages
that have been left a long time
ago just for a few selected
people from that star
master that we also
mentioned in another episode
that are these enlight people.
It's all these others that
they came to bring knowledge
to the planet--
to teach, to give example.
It is a combination
of possibilities
that we can literally start to
talk about the future timeline
starting in March 1967.
From this point going on now,
we have a duality at least.
So the duality of
a timeline that
is the old one that we know
that is not the good one
is the one that is
going to end very badly.
And we don't even want
to think about it.
We don't want to nourish or to
give energy to that timeline.
And the new one, the
one where we are here,
the one where there is
Damanhur, the one where
many other events that was
not planning, they appeared.
Like some that I can mention
are the student movements,
the university movement
of 1966, '67, '68.
Or the creation of internet
just to give an example.
Or the not invasion of
Russia at the end of 1990.
Or also some shadows effect--
shadows effect are the result
of something that on the other
side-- and when I'm talking
about the other side,
I'm talking about
the old timeline--
are so terrible,
so nasty, so strong
that are still having
shadows effect.
Like for example, the
explosion of the nuclear
center in Chernobyl in 1986.
But I can also talk
about Fukushima
more recently in 2011, 2012.
Obviously the separation of
the timeline is not enough.
We need to create more and
more new events, more and more
transformation to keep
this timeline separated
to the other one.
Why?
Because which is the
tendency of every trial
timeline after a
little way to collapse,
to collapse in the old one.
And when it's going to collapse,
everything that is done before,
it's gone.
You don't save anything.
So you need to keep them
separated for at least
600 years.
Before I told you about
very special events,
very special moments.
Well, this time territory
is being already announced
as the reawakening
of the spirituality.
So probably the coming
back of the spirituality
with old meaning that we can
connect to that is the New Age,
is the Aquarius Age that
in the '70s was, you know,
very popular.
But now, nobody talk about it.
But we talk about a period
of time that takes probably
the next 2,000 years.
So from now, these
first 50 years probably
are just the beginning of
the beginning of something
that is going to bring a
completely new paradigm
in the life of everyone.
This is a change that
will not be stopped.
And it will really
bring, you know,
all of us to enter in a
different way of living
our lives.
But this is also a period of
time of reawakening of forces.
Well, we just briefly talk about
the concept of the divinity
and, in this case, the relation
between human and divinity--
obviously, not about
the primeval one from we
are all come from,
but the divinity that
are connecting to us, to our
religion, to our beliefs,
to our cultures.
Who knows?
We can play around
divinity, you know, talking
about the eggs and the chicken.
It comes from the
chicken or the eggs.
Who knows?
What was coming before--
the divinity or the human?
For sure, there is a
connection with something
that we can call divine.
And there are
also, in the rhythm
of these super
incredible forces.
As before, we talk
about the blink--
remember, time of points
of divine attention.
But as we blink, sometimes we
also take a rest, take a nap.
So let's imagine that there is
moment where these divinity are
fully active, a moment where
they are not fully active.
When the divinity
it's not fully active,
it's not creating a
very important function
linked to the neutral event.
There is also another
element of the neutral event
that is what we call the
coloring of the neutral event.
The coloring is what is
done by divine forces.
It is located in that territory.
So the divine forces, when
the neutral events are coming,
it's coloring these events.
What it means?
It's giving a direction
connecting to that divinity.
Obviously, it's always our free
will that makes a difference.
But if an event is
already in a direction,
well maybe easily I can
follow that direction
instead of another one.
This is when the
divinity is fully active.
But what about when
it's falling asleep
or is resting, is not active?
In that case, the
divinity doesn't
color the neutral event.
But the divinity is taking
a little bit of this event
with her or with him.
What happens when then the
divinity is totally, fully
active?
An enormous quantity
of new events,
they are going to be
available, at disposal
in that specific
time territory that
is linked to that divinity.
What makes possible the
separation of the timeline?
Exactly the reawakening
of this divinity-- of one
of this divinity-- this
is not the only one
that is going to be the
beginning of the separation
of the timeline.
So this is the beginning, but
Falco needs something else.
And in this case, he
needs also the helps
of the others that
he was looking for,
for creating this
instrument, this machine,
this something that
is going to support
this separation of the
timeline for the future.
So he starts the
project of the cork.
The cork-- well, the metaphor
of cork is the cork, you know,
of the bottle of wine.
But the cork, what they're doing
on the sea, they are floating.
So the metaphor was
to say him looking
at the sea of everything
that was around him to find
the right souls, the right
corks, the corks the souls
connect into this project.
Because even all
these corks, they
need to reawake their memory as
he was reawakening his memory.
So in the middle of the
'70s, he's very young.
He's 25 years old.
He's opening a center dedicated
to this divinity called Horus.
That is not anymore only
the Horus the Egyptian.
But Horus, it's also
an important divinity
connecting to the period
of time of Atlantis
and a period of
time pre-Atlantis,
so before the
creation of Atlantis.
And with the name
of this divinity,
it probably is the
one that is being
reawakened at that period of
time, he's starting to teach.
He's starting to bring
topics like the one
that we are touching these
days, collecting people that
are joining his
courses, and it is
becoming more and more famous,
and more and more people.
And as always
happen, you know, you
have a large group of people
and then some of them,
they are becoming followers,
they are becoming more close,
they feel something inside
that there is something really
that goes beyond.
And is in that
context that Falco
start a very special course that
is for Damanhur our initiate
path or, if you want,
our mystery school.
So the path of the
knowledge, the path
that is followed
by all these souls
and may different moment
of this time territory--
a path that when
is choose is choose
not only for one incarnation
but until the alignment will now
be achieved, until the
spiritualization of the method
will not be end.
So it's a promise.
It's a swear that
you're going to continue
in every incarnation.
Even if you can't always
say no because, as you know,
the matter is full of illusions.
So it's easy to get lost.
So little by little,
collecting these corks,
collecting these
people, these souls
sended back for this
project, he starting
to talk about Damanhur.
But this was not the beginning.
The beginning was really
to create a place for them
to research in the
spirituality and to reconnect
with these energy lines of the
planet, the synchronic lines
that, at the time, it
was not completely known.
So first, they went
traveling all over the world
to recreate the perfect map.
And they know where to create
the right place for what they
have in their mind-- or at
least what they're supposed
to have in their mind, because
Falco was the only one to have
the entire project inside.
When the map is complete and
they are ready to go and create
Damanhur wherever-- you
know, wherever there was
the synchronic lines, far
away in South America,
or who knows where--
well, they realized
that as we are always
looking for the most
important things so far away,
actually the most important
things is just here.
It's inside.
It's the soul.
So they discovered
that the point where
four synchronic lines
and the crossing points
are literally like
meridians, like bubbles
or incredible
energy that they've
been established in that place,
was just 10 miles from where
Falco was born.
Falco was born in
Balangero Canavese.
Damanhur is in
Baldissero Canavese.
So this is all the
beginning of Damanhur.
But Damanhur is still very
far away from what is now.
It is not even the
idea of the temple,
is the idea to bring this group
of people to living together,
but with their own places,
and continue the research.
It's only years after that
the element of the community
is coming out.
And it's another
step of the project.
And it's the step of the
creation of the station.
And it's one night in this
territory around the fire
and Falco start to talk
about a temple, our temple,
but it needed it to be
in secret, because who
will give you as the
permission to build underground
in this way and
something that can
connect the synchronic lines
that are passing in this place?
So the first chamber that is
being created months later that
is really for them an
amazing place, the temple.
So from that moment, the
project never stopped.
But Falco never really
shared the entire idea.
OK, now we need to go deep and
in a bigger space because we
need to connect to this.
No, now we have to
go in that direction
and creating this
other architecture.
So little by little
is the hall of water,
is the hall of the Earth,
is the hall of mirror,
is the hall of the metal,
and little by little
this amazing station,
it's been complete.
Finally, the anchor between
time, space, and dimension--
something that
could be the place
that could be the connection,
not only for us, but also
for who else it's
connecting to this project.
And when I'm saying
who else, well, it's
connected to intelligence,
like selfica, for example.
There is this very
important connection
with what we called spear.
Spear is definitely the
connection with the spiral.
It's a connection that Falco
is doing when he's very young.
Spear is an intelligence that
is still present in Damanhur
and is really the reconnection
with this enormous field
that we call
selfica, if you want
a technology, but definitely
an enormous support for many
of the operation that
we're going to do,
including the time
travel experience.
But not only, because
we're not alone,
and we're not alone
in terms of time.
We're not alone also in terms
of what there is out there,
because life is not
going on only here.
And there is an
attention towards us
that is strongly
connected to this mission,
the mission of accomplish the
succeed of this new timeline.
And in all of this,
why to create Damanhur?
Why then to create a community?
Why then to create something
that is not only spiritual?
Even at the core, you can
understand the mission
is a spiritual mission.
Then everything
need to be expressed
on the practical level, because
spirituality is in everything.
It's not just we do
something special.
It's in every single
moment of our life.
Otherwise, it's
something that sometimes
is on and off and on and off.
So we need to be able to
demonstrate that this is
affecting every side of life--
education, art, ecology,
expression of new ideas,
everything.
Why?
Which is the goal of Damanhur
and what we have to do.
Well, if we have to keep
the timeline separated,
we know we need to create
a lot of new events,
a lot of transformation.
And which is the best way
to create transformation?
Helping and supporting people
to transform their life.
If we going to help people to
find their way, their mission,
their spiritual expression--
whatever it is--
what you find inside
of yourself are you
beliefs that, if
you're spiritual,
probably is going to be in the
respect of the other beliefs.
So you are going to generate
so many new events, so
many new opportunities, that is
going to support all of this.
So individually, we are
carrying on a project that
is not anymore about a
person, but is about everyone.
It's not about a leader,
but it's about a group.
It's not about a messiah,
but with the new prophecy,
the messiah is not going to
be an individual anymore.
It's going to be a community.
So the idea that
a conscience could
be shared only by many of
us, not just one of us--
so this is the new paradigm.
And it's the paradigm the
needs to last for at least
the next 600 years.
In all of this,
Damanhur never stopped
to not only research,
but to continue
to work in all the
different fields of magic
that we need to
continue to work,
into the synchronic lines,
into the different connection
with a different source of
energy, but also into time--
creating the base
because on time
we are keeping separated
in the timeline.
One of the reasons
why, for example,
in the middle of the '90s, we
had to accelerate many time
traveling is because
the effect that we
was creating in the
past was to support what
the separation of the timeline.
So not for us, but again to give
a hope for this project that,
until this 600 years in the
future, will not be complete.
That's the reason why
in a certain way, when
you are dedicating your life to
the mystery, to the initiation,
you also get the
right to come back.
So you get the
right to come back
and to continue whatever you
left until the final work will
not be finished.
So all the time traveling
and all the time exploration
and know the things
that are still going on
are done for that purpose, for
the purpose of the creation
of a new future.
So we work in the past to create
the base of what is going on
now or in what we call
future because, as we've
been describing
since the beginning,
it's all happening at
the same exactly moment.
It's all happening in
these time spheres,
in this time territory
that we are crossing now,
at least in this planet.
Now, someone is asking me if the
temple is just for us or not.
No, it's called
Temple of Humankind.
Otherwise we're going to call
it the Temple of Damanhur.
What it means that this
is one of the place
is being used by everyone that
is connected to this project--
time, space, or dimensions.
It's one of these stations.
It's one of these castles,
one of these time castles.
In one of the places where, you
know, it's available for that.
As we are using other
space, other castles,
the temple is done for that.
In a period of time, in
a time territory where
it was supposed to do
anything, because it was not
supposed to be Damanhur.
It was not supposed to have
this temple on underground that
is actually the largest that
is existing in the planet.
It's existing because
there is this new timeline.
There is this new version
of what could be the future.
That's also the reason why
some other prophecy are not
working anymore.
You know why?
Well, the prophecy are
connecting to the old timeline,
not to this one.
That's the reason why some
prophecies are not fitting
anymore.
And this is also the reason why
there is such an acceleration
in research in the
new element, in people
that are talking about
topics that before nobody
was talking about.
We're talking about
time travel, and Gaia
is a perfect example
of how this could
be spread all over the world.
And there's more and
more interest of people.
Why?
Who is here?
Who is being incarnated
in this time territory
is the right souls
at the right place.
Because if we have to
incarnate the transformation,
here we are, my friends.
We are the one.
We are the one that had
been sended back in time--
or back or who
knows from where--
to be able to make
this transformation.
We are the choose one.
Not because someone is choosing
one, because we are here
in this moment.
So that if we
believe it or not, we
are the people that are going
to transform this planet,
that are going to create these
new paradigms, that are going
to affect many new generation.
But this is the generation,
or the generations,
that are going to
stop everything--
if we want, obviously, because
it's all based on the free
will.
So we can do it or not do it.
We can act-- as
spirituality is action,
experience doing things--
or just simply sit and wait
because the destiny one
day will arrive.
No, we say stand and act.
And it is better to make
mistakes then don't act--
to do and then correct
than not doing.
Because time is not unlimited.
Or let's say, the time to
spiritualize the matter is not
going to be unlimited.
Maybe there is a deadline.
So it is time to run, and it's
time to make things happen.
[MUSIC PLAYING]